Bump shakapacker to v8.3.0 (#15016)
decidim/decidim: RELEASE_NOTES.md

### 1.5. Run these commands

> We are upgrading Shakapacker to the last version, if you encounter issues, refer to section 3.10 if you get any Shakapacker related errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shakapacker has been upgraded to the latest version. See section 3.10 for troubleshooting errors.
```

You can read more about this change on PR [#14803](https://github.com/decidim/decidim/pull/14803) and [#14868](https://github.com/decidim/decidim/pull/14868)

### 3.10. Shakapacker upgrade

> In our efforts to continuously upgrade the platform, we are upgrading Shakapacker to the latest version available. That is 8.3.0 at the time of this release. If you encounter any error similar to this one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our efforts to continuously upgrade the platform, we are upgrading Shakapacker to the latest version available. That is v8.3.0 at the time of this release. If you encounter any error similar to this one:
```

```console
**ERROR** Shakapacker: Shakapacker gem and node package versions do not match
Detected: 7.x.x
     gem: 8.3.0
Ensure the installed version of the gem is the same as the version of
your installed node package.
Do not use >= or ~> in your Gemfile for shakapacker without a lockfile.
Do not use ^ or ~ in your package.json for shakapacker without a lockfile.
```

> Please check if you have the following file `package.json`, and edit the shakapacker version to 8.3.0 like follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please check if you have the following file `package.json`, and edit the version:
```
